perf(treesitter): don't fetch parser for each fold line (#31821)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

  highlighting.
• LSP diagnostics and inlay hints are de-duplicated (new requests cancel
  inflight requests). This greatly improves performance with slow LSP servers.

> • 10x speedup for |vim.treesitter.foldexpr()| (when no parser exists for the

Reviewer: I would omit the `10x` here since the performance gain depends on a lot of factors (the OS, hardware, anti-viruses etc).

Reviewer 2: It doesn't need to be exact but mentioning a rough estimate is better than just "improved performance". If this matches some benchmarks then it's good.

Reviewer: I'm personally not a fan of mentioning stats like these without specifying the conditions of the benchmark tests. Without the context from this PR, a `10x speedup` almost sounds like a buzz headline.

Reviewer 2: it is a buzz headline

Reviewer: Fair enough. If the goal of the headline is to get people excited, then I'll stop complaining here.

  highlighting.
• LSP diagnostics and inlay hints are de-duplicated (new requests cancel
  inflight requests). This greatly improves performance with slow LSP servers.

> • Significantly reduced fold calculation time for large buffers using
>   |vim.treesitter.foldexpr()| (especially when no parser exists for the
>   buffer).

Reviewer 2: Better to give rough numbers when possible. Based on your startup time example I'm going to call this a 10x speedup :)

```suggestion
• 10x speedup for |vim.treesitter.foldexpr()| (especially when no parser exists
  for the buffer).
```

Author: Sure that makes sense (though just gonna mention, for me with around 30+ plugins it is more like a 100x speed up :laughing: )
